Add notes about disputes (#75)
zeitgeistpm/documentation: docs/learn/using-zeitgeist-markets.md

the market creators stake will be slashed, and all addresses will be able to
submit their report.

Once the report is submitted, the status of the market changes from _closed_ to
_reported_.

### Disputes

When a report is submitted (by the oracle or a stand-in), the market is not
resolved for a certain window of time called the _dispute period_. During this
period of time, other users can submit a _dispute_ if they believe that the
report is incorrect. To do so, they stake a certain amount of ZTG, the _dispute

> bond_ and report the outcome they believe to be correct (the _suggestion_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bond_.
```

> How the dispute is resolved depends on what _dispute mechanism_ was selected
> during market creation. The currently available dispute mechanisms are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How the dispute is resolved depends on the [decentralized court] _dispute mechanism_.
```

> - _Authorized_: After the market has been disputed, the [Advisory Committee]
>   decides which outcome the market will resolve to.
> - _[Decentralized Court]_ (currently disabled): A group of randomly selected
>   jurors vote secretly to find a [Schelling point] among the market's outcomes,
>   which is then used as the resolved outcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In short: A group of randomly selected jurors vote secretly to find a [Schelling point] among the market's outcomes, which is then used as the resolved outcome.
```

If the dispute is found to have been justified in the sense that the market
resolves to the outcome suggested by the disputant, the dispute bond is returned

> to the disputant. If this is not the case, the dispute bond is slashed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the disputant. If this is not the case, the dispute bond is slashed.
More on that in the bonds section of the [Using Zeitgeist Markets] page.
```

<!-- Links -->

[advisory committee]: ./governance.md#advisory-committee
[decentralized court]: ./court

> [schelling point]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Focal_point_(game_theory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[schelling point]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Focal_point_(game_theory)
[Using Zeitgeist Markets]: ./using-zeitgeist-markets
```
